Proposal Plan:
Design: Alberta and Shwetha
Structure: Jeremiah, Alberta, and Shwetha.
Schedule: Jeremiah, Alberta, and Shwetha.



Week 10: Project Mapping

We started off by figuring out what the best topic, and how our project would be. We debated on a few ideas; one was a personal inventory management
application, and the other was the one we had finalized. Both of our ideas had the same concept to get user's input and then to provide them 
with the required data. As we discussed, we realized that we wanted to give our project a multicultural focus, and wanted our efforts to work towards that goal. We, then worked on the flow of the project understanding user's specifications and the creator's perspectives.


Week 11:

We will divide up and collect the recipe data for the three different cuisines which are; African, Asian, and European. 
We will ensure that we will create the databases such that it can work seamlessly with the set parameters of allergies, cuisines,
and preferences. We will give attention to creating the wireframe of the project, so that we can gear up for conducting 
the test trials over the upcoming weeks. We will start the initial coding process. 

Week 12:

We will continue the coding process, while also implementing all the design elements as decided by our wire frame. We will then
attempt to link the various databases with the help of JSON to our original file. We will continue to monitor the code making changes as required through github. We will also work closely with faculty, and TA's to get our queries resolved, and then lay the groundwork for the weeks ahead.

Week 13:

We will have the basic elements of the program sorted by this time. We will now dwell on ensuring that all the databases will work together so that the user can get their output. By this time, our various databases would be linked and have the neccessary elements to work together with the main program. We will also begin testing the program with family and friends to get their feedback and ideas in terms of design, and structure in our decision. 

Week 14:

We will work on the bugs in the program, and continue testing it with family and friends. We will be taking the final round of feedback to make changes to the design elements. We will then finalize the program making it ready for presentation.









